Functional part in README (#39)
KrispyTech/airneis: README.md

# Jira link

[Tracker - Kanban board](https://kylianbarthelemy.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/AIRNEIS/boards/2)

# FUNCTIONAL PART

## Introduction

_ÀIRNEIS is a Scottish company and they are resellers of furniture designed by Scottish designers._

We want to create our own e-commerce solution for an international clientele with products they already have locally.

> To do this, we created an e-commerce site as well an apllication, and a Backoffice to manage the content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do this, we created an e-commerce site as well an application, and a Backoffice to manage the content.
```

Author: Thank you!

All with a secure and maintainable payment system over time.

## The Different Pages in our site and application

### The Home Page

The home page provides an overview of the categories as well as the "Highlanders of the moment" which will contain products selected in the Backoffice.
So, this page contains all categories information.

### The Category Page

> The category page is the main access point to the product catalogue in one category.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The category page is the main access point to the product catalogue of a category.
```

So, this page contains information about products in a single category.

### The Search Page

> The product page is the most important page on which the customer can purchase a product.

Reviewer 2: Can you reformulate
```suggestion
The search page is accessible everywhere from the site header.
So, this page allows users to research a specific product or type of product. The user can also sort the result by price or newness.
```

> So, this page contains all information about a single product with the possibility to add a product in the card.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

# Jira link

[Tracker - Kanban board](https://kylianbarthelemy.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/AIRNEIS/boards/2)

> FUNCTIONALITIES

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> # FUNCTIONAL PART

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
FUNCTIONALITIES
```

## Introduction

_ÀIRNEIS is a Scottish company and they are resellers of furniture designed by Scottish designers._

We want to create our own e-commerce solution for an international clientele with products they already have locally.
To do this, we created an e-commerce site as well an application, and a Backoffice to manage the content.
All with a secure and maintainable payment system over time.

> ## The Different Pages in our site and application

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## What does our app contain ?
```

### The Home Page

The home page provides an overview of the categories as well as the "Highlanders of the moment" which will contain products selected in the Backoffice.
So, this page contains all categories information.

### The Category Page

The category page is the main access point to the product catalogue of a category.
So, this page contains information about products in a single category.

### The Product Page

The product page is the most important page on which the customer can purchase a product.
So, this page contains all information about a single product.

### The Search Page

> The search page is accessible everywhere from the site header.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The search page is accessible everywhere from the site header.
```

> So, this page allows them to research a specific product or type of product. The user also be able to sort the result by price or newness.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page allows them to research a specific product or type of product. The user also be able to sort the result by price or newness.
```

### The Shopping Cart Page

The shopping cart page is accessible to all users, logged or not, they can manage their shopping cart.

> So, this page contains the list of added products and presents the total to be paid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page contains the list of added products and presents the total to be paid.
```

### The Checkout Page

The checkout page comes after the shopping cart page.

> So, this page contains all the information about the delivery or order.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page contains all the information about the delivery or order.
```

He contains several steps like:

- Delivery.
- Order.
- Payment accepted.

### The Registration Page

The registration page allows all users to register on the site or application.

> So, this page contains mandatory information for a user before registering on the site or application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page contains mandatory information for a user before registering on the site or application.
```

### The Login Page

The login page allows all users who already have an account to login to the site or application.

> So, this page therefore contains mandatory information for full access to the site or application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page therefore contains mandatory information for full access to the site or application.
```

### The Account Settings Page

The account settings allow a user to modify their account information and profile.

> So, this page contains main and additional information of the logged in user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page contains all the information of the logged in user.
```

### My Orders Page

My orders page allows a user to see their past orders, grouped by year.

> So, this page contains a list of all orders with the status like:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page contains a list of all orders with the status like:
```

- In progress
- Delivered
- Cancelled

### The Contact Page

> The contact page is a simple page where all users can write to the site and application managers a simple contact form.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The contact page is a simple page where all users can write to administrators with a simple contact form.
```

> So, this page contains minimal information if a user has a problem with the site or a recommendation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page contains minimal information if a user has a problem with the site or a recommendation.
```

## The Backoffice

The back office allows the administrator to see all the information on a product, a category or an user.

> Based on CRUD method, we can create, read, update, or delete an item.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An administrator can see, create, update, or delete an item.
```

It must be accessible to administrators only.
The back office is as simple and functional as possible.

It also contains a dashboard with histograms and graphs.

## Miscellaneous

### Menu

Users have different access to the burger menu if they are logged in or not.

### Design System

> We use a design system with a library of component graphics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We use a design system with a library of  graphics component.
```
